docs(releasing): how to release (#543)
Pocket/pocket-ios: README.md

1. Install [LicensePlist](https://github.com/mono0926/LicensePlist) `brew install licenseplist`
2. Run `license-plist --markdown-path Acknowledgements.markdown`
3. Open an issue on [Bedrock](https://github.com/mozilla/bedrock/) with a description and the requested page to update with a link to a document of the generated `Acknowledgements.markdown`

## Releasing

> To release a version of Pocket following our every 2 week cycle you should follow the following depending on your release scenario. The following assumes you will be releasing to the Testflight Audience and then after some time promoting that version of the App to the store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To release a version of Pocket following our 2-week cycle, you should follow either of the below steps depending on your release scenario. The following assumes you will be releasing to the Testflight Audience and then potentially promoting that version of the App to the store.
```

If you need to increment the app version:
1. If needed pr to increment the app version number in Git on the `develop` branch.

> 2. Trigger the `nightly-internal-pipeline` manually to submit a new build to Testflight.

Reviewer: How is this achieved?

Author: Added link to bitrise docs on how to manually trigger a build. https://devcenter.bitrise.io/en/builds/starting-builds/starting-builds-manually.html

> If you will use the app version already in `develop`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###If you will use the app version already in `develop`
```

1. Find the nightly you will promote that is already Testflight Nightlies. Correlate it's build number with Bitrise and find the respective commit and write that down. You can search by build number in the Bitrise UI.
   a. Alternatively trigger the `nightly-internal-pipeline` manually to submit a new build to Testflight from the latest on the `develop` branch.

Once you have the build and associated commit you want to release to the Testflight audience perform the following in Git and Github:
1. Tag the commit in git with the name `release/v0.0.0.0000` where 0.0.0 is the app version, and .0000 is the build number.
2. Push the tag to github.
3. Draft a new GitHub release by [clicking here](https://github.com/Pocket/pocket-ios/releases/new)
4. For the name put `v0.0.0.0000` where 0.0.0 is the app version, and .0000 is the build number.

> 5. In the Choose a tag dropdown select your tag you pushed to GitHub, and make sure the target is main. This will draft the release by comparing the changes from the Tag since the last release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the 'Choose a tag' dropdown select your tag you pushed to GitHub, and make sure the target is main. This will draft the release by comparing the changes from the Tag since the last release.
```

6. Click Auto Generate Release Notes.
7. Obtain the public release notes and add it as the last section.
8. Publish the release, or save as draft until you are ready.
9. Once ready, checkout out main locally `git checkout main` 
10. Merge the tag you made into `main` `git merge release/v0.0.0.0000` and push it to GitHub. Alternativly do a PR from the tag to `main` and ensure you merge the PR maintaining history. (otherwise you need to merge main back into develop)

You are now done with the process in Git and Github!

### App Store Connect

Releasing to Beta Testers:

1. Find the build you want to release to testers
2. Add in the public facing release notes in TestFlight.
3. Add the Public Beta and Mozillians Testflight Groups to the build. They will be notified once the app passes External Beta Review and receive the update. Ensure you coordinate this with the Product team.

> 4. At the same time you should also submit the App for Store review, but set it so that the app is held and we need to release it manually to the store after it is approved. This ensures that after our beta cycle finishes, we can immediately launch that version of the app to the Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. At the same time you should also submit the App for Apple review. Set the build to manual release by checking the 'Manually release this version' radio button under 'Version Release' in App Store Connect. This ensures that after our beta cycle finishes, we can immediately launch that version to the Store.
```
